so we here at the rich techie which is a
PCB design house and we hear they do all
kinds of testing on the freescale
powered TCB so you have some design what
what is this what are you doing here
what is that so this company is your
partner right they make PCB for your cup
for your product yeah yeah and this is a
free scalar which one it's 51 51 and you
do testing and you put it there the main
board design they are the please be nice
and what is he doing a software engineer
and this is 53 53 or 51 51 51 yeah and
what is this software is on Linux Linux
terminal host right here
and it's gonna be in a product like this
8-inch with the little Linux Android
boot up and then the source coding right
here yeah
what what's she doing over there
nice so let's go interview the CEO okay
you know so here at rich techie you make
a freescale part more this is a 53 I
make 53 yeah the PCB for the future yes
it's the future reference
53 and it's going to be in part awesome
husband is it ready can you ask him
that's one months yeah so what do you do
there you have the DS you connect you
have measuring some resistance and we
try to fix a bug in the PCB or touch
panel on testing may I ask what is over
there in the office what are all the
other ones what is over there
what is that can we can you take it out
there's some previous products or if
that's 5150 all right so how many
customers do you have how many do you
make how many people use your design
secret what is that is it millions of
products every year or not one hundred
thousands fifteen fifteen thousand all
right so the app and use that you use
that for our partner your partner and
are you so you're using Amex 53 are you
going to use imx6 you know how to make
six in the future tax a 989 from
freescale next year all right cool all
right thanks for not thank you